Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(birds call)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(panting)
(suspenseful percussion)
(somber string music)
(big cat roars and snarls)
- [Blake] Arlo.
Oh. man. What you doin'. man?
- I'm just looking at myself.
That's all I'm doing.
Look. man.
I don't think I'm gonna
make it to your party.
Okay?
- Just fuckin'. just fuckin'-
- Nobody is gonna know me!
(sighs)
Where is she. Blake?
Where is she?
(big cat growls)
(big cat roars and snarls)
(phone vibrates)
- Yo!
Yeah. yeah. What's up. bro?
Yeah. party's next week. 19th.
Uh-huh.
I don't care who you bring.
bro. Just bring somebody.
Yeah. look at her. man.
- Wow. Amber Star.
Not bad.
- Bro. you're tellin' me.
I mean...
If I had a shot at that pussy.
fuckin'. I'd just end her life.
- All right. well. look.
- Oh. yo! Good looks. thank you.
- Yeah.
(somber electronic music)
(woman laughs)
Dude. are you serious? Come pick that up.
- Are you serious? It's not
gonna make a fuckin' difference.
You seen this place?
- Yeah. none of this shit's mine.
- Bullshit.
What about that?
- What about what?
- That! Did you see that?
- That's definitely not mine!
- [Blake] Bullshit. man!
It's next to your bed!
- Oh. my god. dude.
Just pick up whatever you
think is yours then. okay?
I'm not getting into semantics.
- Bro. that's definitely
not how you use that word.
- I don't give a shit!
Just grab your stuff!
(Blake groans)
- Fuckin' fine!
God!
Man. fuckin'...
- Dude. what are you. fuckin' five?
What are you doing? Grab a...
Get a storage container and
fucking organize your shit!
- It's my fucking bed! I can
put whatever the fuck I want-
- It's hanging out! That's the solution?
- I'll push it harder! I'll
shove it in there. all right?
- You're an animal.
- Fuck you. man.
- [Arlo] Just hoardin' shit.
- [Blake] You see? That's fuckin' perfect.
Fuckin' spic and span.
Fuck you.
- Oh. my god. whatever.
If I can't see it...
Actually. you know what? I can see it!
- [Blake] Fuckin' suck my...
(bright electronic music)
- Tony & Tony's Perfect Yogurt
is only 100 calories per serving.
It's made by hard-working
Americans like you and I.
30% of the proceeds go to Hill Home.
which is a non-profit
helping single mothers.
Tony & Tony's Perfect Yogurt
is only 100 calories per serving.
It's made by hard-working
Americans like you and I.
30% of the proceeds go to Hill Home.
which is a single profit...
Single...
(sighs)
- One more time?
(Celeste chuckles)
- Fuck this yogurt.
(Arlo chuckles)
It's not funny.
I'm so tired. I was up like all night.
- Why?
- Nothing. Why do you
have just a pineapple?
- Well. you know what
they say about pineapples.
- No. I don't. What do they say?
- Um. never mind. I shouldn't
have asked you that.
Stupid.
- Okay. weirdo.
- [Arlo] And like your frat
parties. it's like a big wave
of seaweed just kind of
flowing back and forth.
I think it's kinda funny.
- Yeah. dude. for sure.
Dude. it's gonna be so
grimy. I love that shit.
- Yeah.
- Oh. one more thing.
I gotta tell you.
I'm not going over to
Alice's place tonight.
Her roommate got like real
sick. She got like the mumps.
Change of plans. she's gonna
come over here instead.
Is it cool if you leave
just for a little bit?
- Oh. bro. Again?
(brooding piano music)
- What's the problem?
- Nothing.
We should talk about it later.
- Alice. if there's a problem.
I wanna talk about it right now.
- Well...
I don't know I feel like we've
been staying in a lot lately.
I'm just getting antsy. I feel
it'd be really great for us
to go out and do something instead.
(Blake groans)
- Alice. what do you want from me?
- Take her bowling.
- Bowling!
- I don't know. fuckin' take her food-
- Bro. you know I don't
do that sappy shit. man.
I don't fuck with it.
- It's not sappy!
- It is! I don't-
- It's real dating stuff.
- I want flowers. (chuckles)
I want to go out to eat.
I wanna be friends who
happened to fall in love.
- What did you have in mind? (sighs)
- It's called Cupcake Castle.
- Oh. Alice.
- No. no. No. listen.
It's this little cafe
that looks like a castle.
and they only sell little
cupcakes that are one of a kind.
I mean. they make them
right there to order for you
at your table like a clown
who makes balloon animals
for little kids.
(Blake sighs)
Doesn't that... Doesn't
that sound like fun?
I just feel like you don't know
what these cupcakes look like.
- No. no.
- Let me show you.
- Alice. I wouldn't...
(actress moans sexually)
- [Actress] (gasps) Oh. yeah.
- Is this porn?
- [Blake] It's really
not a big deal. Alice.
- You have porn on your laptop.
- Just fucking close the laptop.
all right? Just close it.
(actress moans sexually)
- [Arlo] Shit. Oh. sorry.
- Arlo! What the fuck. man?
- I'm sorry.
- Oh. what're you doing?
- I'm just coming back home.
- Dude. what'd you... What
the fuck happened. man?
You don't make any god damn sense. man.
- Of course you don't
fucking get it. Blake!
You have somebody!
You have Alice. man. Where's my somebody?
(somber orchestral music)
I don't know her name.
and I don't know what she's like.
but I'm gonna find her one day.
I'm gonna find her.
- So. um. I gotta talk
to you about tonight.
- Yeah. what about?
- Well...
- No.
Nope.
She's not coming over.
- Bro. that's not fucking fair.
- You know what's not fair?
That I gotta fuckin' leave
the house every single night.
- You told me that I could
have the apartment last night.
And then you come fuckin'
busting through the door?
- Dude. I left and came back hours later!
- No. you came back trashed as shit.
You almost broke the door down.
- So what? I left!
- "So what?" That's
not fucking cool. dude.
- I gave you your time.
- Bro!
Look. I already texted
her. She's coming over.
- I gotta leave right now?
- If you would be so kind.
get your ass out that door.
(door creaks)
(birds tweet)
(distant laughter)
(distant yelps and laughter)
- Stop! (yelps) Oh. my god!
- [Ally] Get a room!
(Maggie yelps)
- Jesus.
- Wait.
Who's...
- What the fuck?
Oh. shit. Cam! Cam!
- No.
- That's not-
- Who is that?
- No. that's definitely not Cam.
- [Arlo] Who are you?
- Hi. I'm Maggie. It's nice to meet you.
- I'm Arlo. Nice to meet you.
- I'm Ally.
- Ally.
So what're you guys doin'?
- Oh. you know. we're just foolin'.
- This is Elijah.
- Hey. how's it going. man?
- Hey.
- What're you doin'?
- [Arlo] I'm just going for a walk.
- In the middle of the street?
- Truthfully. it's a little
dark on the sidewalk. so I just-
- (sighs) Are you afraid of the dark?
- No. I'm not afraid of the dark.
but all these fucking people have dogs.
and they just jump out at
you at the most random times.
- Like...
(barks) Like that?
(Elijah laughs)
- Oh. get him!
(Arlo chuckles)
- That's what I'm
talkin' about. (chuckles)
So what're you guys doin'?
- Oh. we're going to a party.
- Well. you know. not like a party-party.
- It's like a concert.
- It's a house concert.
One of our friends is throwing a show
for the band Dead Rat Ass?
- You've probably never heard of 'em.
- Well. he may have.
- "Dead Rat Ass"?
- [Ally] Yeah.
- (chuckles) Are you serious?
Yeah. No. that sounds awful.
- No.
No. not terrible.
They're awesome. Their music is so sick.
It's like. it's such a good mosh.
Come on.
- Hey. hey.
Come on. ease up on-
- You want me to come?
- He's new. he's new.
- Do you wanna come?
- I'm down for a good mosh. Is that cool?
- Onward!
- All right. all right. Easy now.
- Why are you out here anyways?
- Oh.
All right. fine. I get
sexiled all the time.
(Ally chuckles)
- Ah. "sexiled."
- My roommate got a new girlfriend.
and he begs me to leave and I
just for some stupid reason.
I say yes.
- Well-
- I guess I'm a nice guy.
- Guess so. It's a good thing. though.
Because. if not. you wouldn't
be able to see Dead Rat Ass.
(Arlo chuckles)
- I guess there is a bright side.
- It's good to meet you. Arlo.
- It's good to meet you. too.
(lively indie rock music)
♪ I've been stuck inside my memories ♪
♪ Don't know where I am. it's killing me ♪
♪ I can never know what time it is ♪
♪ What's it take for me to come to this ♪
♪ Need a dream and I
can't sleep to get away ♪
♪ First I think maybe you'll
have something to say ♪
♪ Stuck in my head. stuck in my head ♪
- Hey. what're you doin' after this?
- I have no idea.
(Ally chuckles)
- Hey.
Could I get one of those?
- Maybe you can come over to my place
and I can show you some of my art?
- What art?
(gorilla grunts)
(chimp squeals)
- Easy there.
(Maggie chuckles)
(slap)
(yells) Fuck!
- Are you fucking-
- God damn it. Maggie!
- Are you kidding me?
- What the fuck?
- You have been so grabby all night!
Don't fucking yell at me!
- So grabby?
So grabby? You smacked me
in the face. first of all.
- Yeah. I did. 'cause you grabbed my butt!
- I touched you twice!
- Oh. thank you so much!
What a hero!
- Didn't say a goddamn thing!
- I didn't say a goddamn...
Well. okay. okay.
What gave you the
impression that I wanted you
to grab my body with
your grubby little hands?
- All fucking night. Maggie!
- All fucking night doing what?
- Looking at me. grabbing
me on the dance floor.
- Oh. my god. we had a
conversation and we moshed!
You're just like every other fucking guy!
- Really? And you're like every
girl turning it back around-
- What's going on?
Maggie. what's going on?
- He just grabbed my ass.
- Oh. my god. Elijah!
Why? Why can't you control yourself. ever?
- Fuck off. Ally. Fuck off!
You saw that there was
stuff happening between us.
- Dude. come on. We've talked about this.
- We have not talked about this!
- You grabbed her ass
multiple times tonight-
- No. I have not!
- Yes. you have.
- Don't you give me this bullshit. Ally.
(talking over each other)
(chaotic animal sounds)
- Then see if he likes it. Fuck you!
Fuck you! No. Ally. I am so ready...
(talking over each other)
(chaotic animal sounds)
I don't have to do it. I got this.
Ally. I need this!
- Maggie. stop!
- I need this.
- [Ally] Okay.
(Maggie chuckles)
- You know what?
You're not worth it.
You just don't fucking get it.
- No. I don't fucking get it. Maggie.
(Maggie sighs)
- You are a weak. weak man.
- Fuck off.
(gorilla grunts)
Get the. get the fuck out.
- Look. I'm sorry about
all that back there.
Elijah usually is an asshole. so.
actually. that wasn't a surprise.
- I wasn't that surprised.
(Ally chuckles)
I'm just saying.
- Yeah.
Maggie. I'm sorry.
- I didn't think he'd be
like that. but he was. so-
- He's a dick and a loser
and we don't need him.
- Yeah.
You know. whatever. I don't care.
- Hey. do you guys wanna come
back to my place for a little bit?
- I would-
- It's pretty cool.
- I would love it.
- Okay.
- That cool?
- Yeah. definitely.
Definitely. You?
- Yeah. let's cheer her up a little bit.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Not all men are assholes.
- That's true.
- Just saying.
- Are you an asshole?
- No.
- We'll see. We'll find out.
- I am not an asshole.
- All right. Arlo.
- We'll see. We're gonna
get you to stop smoking.
- Hey. I like the way you say my name.
- (chuckles) Oh. really?
(Arlo moans)
- All right. fine.
- Yes.
Step one.
- No. just kidding.
- Here we are.
Maggie. do you want a glass of water?
- Yeah. that'd be great. thanks.
(water splashes)
That's great.
(suspenseful music)
(Ally chuckles)
- I made that little bird. You like it?
- No way.
- [Ally] Yeah.
- What else did you make here?
- Every single thing. except...
That one.
- [Arlo] Why? What's this one?
- A guy I used to know made that for me.
He was obsessed with that style of art.
He gave it to me to remember him by.
- You make it sound like he's dead.
- Anyway. he was a terrible kisser.
Come sit next to me.
(leather creaks)
- [Maggie] Goodnight. guys!
- Oh. goodnight.
Let me know if you need anything.
Do you wanna get some sleep?
- Yeah. I should. I have work tomorrow.
- Okay.
I'm gonna go get a blanket.
Is it cool if I get the lights?
- Yeah. sure.
(waves crash)
(brooding string music)
(animals grunt and growl)
- Blake?
I think you owe me an explanation.
- About what?
- Why you had porn on your laptop.
(Blake chuckles)
- Why do you think I
had porn on my laptop?
- Am I not enough for you?
- Alice. come on. Don't go there.
You know you're more than enough for me.
- Then. then take me to Cupcake Castle.
- [Blake] Stop with the fuckin'
Cupcake Castle. all right?
It's probably too expensive.
(knife lightly thuds)
- Look at me.
Blake?
(knife clacks)
(Blake sighs)
You haven't even tried to make me happy.
- What do you want me to do?
- Love me!
Or anything more than the
passionless sex I have to endure.
and then to find that you
were looking at other women.
- "Endure"?
Come on. you don't have
to "endure" anything.
- You're missing the point.
- [Blake] No. I'm not.
- All you want from me is
something you can get for free
on the internet.
And that's probably nice for you too.
because those girls don't seem
to have feelings. do they?
You could just sit there and imagine
what it'd be like to have
this pretty little girl
who just nods and begs for you. right?
Guess what. Blake? That's not real life.
It's pathetic.
I'm gonna be fucking baffled
if you can't understand that.
- You know. I don't watch
porn to replace you. Alice.
- Then stop watching that-
- I can't stop!
- What do you mean you can't stop?
- It's not that easy!
- Are you scared to say it?
- You know what? Fuck this. never mind.
- [Alice] Well. we have all night
for you to build up the courage.
- What am I supposed to do. huh?
I mean. you're coming at me
with all this extra bullshit.
and I'm just trying to cut
this fuckin' pineapple.
I mean. come on. Alice.
I love you. I really do.
But how am I supposed to
tell you all this stuff
about myself that I don't
want anybody to know?
- Blake.
If you're afraid...
If you're afraid to tell me
about the things that hurt you.
then what would be the point of loving me?
- I'm addicted to it.
- God damn it. Blake. cut the bullshit.
- What?
- Porn addiction?
That's not... That's just
a thing that people say.
Okay? Is that your
excuse to act like a pig?
- No. No. that's not true.
That's not even close to being true.
(Alice sighs)
This is exactly why I
didn't wanna tell you
in the first place.
- No.
I just need you to be real with me.
- I just was!
And you got pissed at me.
- I'm leaving. We can talk
about this another time.
- Alice. look. come on.
we'll go to Cupcake Castle.
We'll have a great time.
- No. I'm over it.
- Look. we'll go to Cupcake-
I'm over it. Blake.
Honestly? Good timing. right?
- I wanna make things better.
- Blake. get your hands off me.
- All right.
I'm sorry.
- Go fuck yourself.
(fork clinks and scrapes)
(door closes)
(Arlo sighs)
- Where were you?
- Dude. believe it or not...
I just stayed at a
girl's house last night.
- No shit.
- Yeah.
- That's cool. man.
Did you pipe her?
- [Arlo] Did I what?
- Did you smash?
- Oh. no. no. no. We were close.
I don't think it matters.
Maybe next time I see her.
- Yeah.
Cool.
- So how's Alice?
- She's good.
- [Arlo] That's good.
- Yeah.
Hey. uh. you remember when you told us
we should like go do
somethin' or whatever?
- [Arlo] Yeah.
- I mean. she wants to go
to like this fuckin'...
She wants to go to this Cupcake Castle.
- [Arlo] Cupcake Castle!
Dude. that's perfect. That's
way better than bowling!
- Yeah. So I don't know.
we might go do that.
- [Arlo] Yeah?
- Who knows. man?
- Take her on a date!
- [Blake] Yeah.
(mouse clicks)
- Arlo!
Hey.
- Hey.
- Two pineapples now?
- Oh. yeah. They're for. um. just in case.
- Just in case of what?
- Um...
Nah. don't worry about it.
- Okay.
- Hey. guess what?
- What?
- You're never gonna believe this.
I met a girl the other night.
- Oh?
- Yeah. her name's Ally.
I got kicked out the other night
and we ran into each other.
Her and her friends.
- What are the odds of that?
- [Arlo] Not high.
Anyway. her and her friends
took me to this concert.
Well. it was like a party in a garage.
but there was a band. and um...
Yeah. that was sweet. She's incredible.
She's funny.
She likes music. She's smart.
I think you'd like her.
- Sounds great.
- I'm going on a date with her tonight.
Maybe I could like tell
you more about her?
- [Celeste] Yeah. I would
love to hear more about that.
- Okay. um...
I should go.
- [Celeste] Okay.
- Okay. I'll see you around.
- Okay. bye.
- Okay.
Hey.
I will see you again. right?
- Yeah. why wouldn't you?
- That felt weird.
Like a weird goodbye?
- Well. I will always be here.
Sorting gravy.
- Okay.
I'll see you around.
(knocks)
- [Ally] Hello?
- Hi!
(Ally chuckles)
- I did not expect you
to come to the door.
- [Arlo] (chuckles) Yeah. here I am.
- I love how hard you try.
I'll be right down.
- [Arlo] Take your time.
(door closes)
(chuckles)
- [Ally] You all set?
- [Arlo] Uh. yeah. Wow.
you look beautiful.
- [Ally] So. where are we going to eat?
- It's a surprise.
- Oh?
- Yeah. it's such a good
place. You're gonna love it.
- (chuckles) Is this you?
- Yeah. that's me.
- Okay.
What are you doing?
- I'm getting the door for you.
- [Ally] (chuckles) I have hands.
- Right. I'm sorry.
- You don't have to apologize for that.
- Right.
(car door closes)
- (chuckles) Get in!
- Right. yep!
- Silly goose.
- Watch your step.
- Okay.
Got it. Thank you.
- Let me. um-
- No. I got it.
- No. it's okay. let me-
- I got it. I got the door.
- Ally. let me get the door.
- Why?
- 'Cause.
- No. 'cause why?
- Because I wanna do-
- Let me get the door.
- Come on. please.
Let me get the door.
- Arlo. I got it.
- Ally. let me get the door for you.
Just let me. just let me get it.
- I got it. I got it.
- Here. I got it.
- Yeah. no. I got it.
- Ally. come on. please?
Please just let me do it?
You know what? We're not...
That's it. I'm not going
out to dinner with you.
- Okay. (chuckles) bye.
- No. no. no. no.
(upbeat jazz music)
(wine splashes)
- [Waiter] You can have
the rest. Mr. McHenry.
Let me know if you need anything else.
- Thank you.
- I didn't know your
last name was McHenry.
- [Arlo] Uh. yeah.
It's corny. I know.
- No. I think it suits you. Arlo McHenry.
- So you think I'm corny?
- A little.
Thought you knew that.
- Well. you look really nice.
- Thank you.
You look nice as well.
- That's why I hate men
that wear flip flops.
I hate it. It's just. get that
shit off your feet. it's...
Oh. don't get me started. I'm
sorry I even brought it up.
- You know. flip flops are pretty normal.
Especially in California.
- Yeah. like on the
beach. but anywhere else?
- How do you get to the beach?
- Uh. barefoot?
- [Ally] No. you wear flip flops...
- Who? You and-
- Me.
My ex.
My parents. when we were speaking.
And these alligators
jumped in the raft.
- No.
- Just jumped in the freakin' raft.
- I don't believe you.
- Yeah. no.
Dead gas.
I promise you.
Jumped in and ever since then.
I cannot stand bodies of water.
(smooth jazz music)
- Pretty good. right?
- Yeah. it was really good.
- Whenever you guys are ready.
- Thank you.
Let's see.
Oh.
- That bad?
- (chuckles) No. no. It's fine. it's fine.
- Here. let me help out.
- No. no. Seriously. it's fine.
- You're crazy. Come on. let me help out.
- No. it's fine. Seriously. it's fine.
- Arlo. it's fine. I can help.
Let me find my wallet.
(Arlo sighs)
- Ally. put your wallet away.
- Why?
- Put it away.
- You've done all of these
things for me tonight.
and I can do this.
- No. I got it. okay?
I got it. Sorry.
- Arlo. you don't have to
go through all this trouble.
- I want to impress you.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
Let me just do one thing for you tonight.
Let me pay for your food!
(wallet zips)
Thank you.
(knocks)
- Yo!
Hey. what's goin' on?
You weren't answering any of my calls.
(Alice sighs)
- I didn't wanna have this
conversation over the phone.
- Do you wanna sit down for a second?
- I'll make it quick.
We're done.
- Just like that?
- I'm done. Blake.
- Alice. look. we'll go to
Cupcake Castle like right now.
(Alice chuckles)
- Wonderful timing. Blake. Really?
- Alice. I need you.
I really think we should sit
down and talk about this.
Just for a second. I'm...
- I don't need you. so...
- Then yeah. get out of my fuckin' face!
All right?
You think I meant any of that
stuff that I just... Please!
I'll find a new girl in a week.
- Wake up. Blake.
No one is ever going to
love you as much as I do.
Not your ex-girlfriends.
not your future girlfriends.
and especially not those girls
that you love so much online.
But hey. sorry I wasn't good enough.
(door slams)
(somber music)
- [Blake] Yo!
How'd it go?
- Um. it was good. Yeah. it was fine.
- [Blake] Cool.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah!
Yeah! No. no. no. I'm good.
Alice and I just broke up.
but it's cool. man. you know?
I feel like she was just kinda
holding me back. you know?
- Look. are you sure you're okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. No. no. no. I'm great.
- I would totally get it if you're not.
- No. no. No. no. no.
No. no. no! I'm good!
I told you! I'm perfectly fine. okay?
I'm utterly... I'm completely...
I'm fine. man. Nothin'
to worry about here.
I'm good.
- Okay.
- Yeah!
(chuckles)
- We went to this really
fancy restaurant and
you know how they don't
really give you any food?
(bag rustles)
(microwave door closes)
(keypad bleeps)
(microwave hums)
(bag rustles)
(microwave bleeps)
(winces) Ow. fuck.
(microwave door closes)
So. how's the. um. the
jungle party coming along?
- You know. it's good. but
literally nobody's RSVPing.
- [Arlo] That's weird.
- Yeah.
The boys. they want more
people to sign up. you know?
But it's not like we don't
have people coming already.
- [Arlo] Right. right.
- So. okay. tell me if
this is stupid. right?
- (chuckles) Yeah. I will.
- We throw a kickback.
Like a throwback-themed kickback. right?
We have a couple people over
and we'll play all the old
music that we used to listen
to in like middle school.
You know. we play those games
and stuff like that. you know?
But low-key party and we tell
all the people that are there
about the jungle party.
It'll be fun.
- That's actually a
pretty good idea. yeah.
- Let's do it tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
You think we could pull that off?
- Arlo. we have to. The
party's on Saturday.
We gotta act now.
- Okay. let's do it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I guess...
What. we'll just-
- Yeah.
Yeah. we'll just clean up a little bit.
Get some drinks. some
snacks. Call a couple people.
Nothin' huge.
- Look. dude.
Are you sure you're okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
You ask me again and
again and again and again.
- [Arlo] Yeah. I am.
- Stop.
Stop.
- Okay.
- I'm sorry. man. I'm just...
- Long night.
- Long fuckin' day.
I think I'm gonna go take a shower.
Um. I'll go think about this.
Tomorrow's gonna be great.
though. It'll be fun.
- Yeah.
- It's gonna be fun.
- Fun.
(Celeste sobs)
- Hey.
- Hi.
- What's goin' on?
- It's stupid. I'm. I'm being stupid.
- Okay. well...
Well. what is it?
- My doorknob is broken
and I don't have a drill.
- Is that it?
- (sobs) Yeah.
Yeah.
- Okay. yeah.
Well. I have a drill. I can fix it.
I can fix it right now.
Why don't we leave?
- I can't. I have to-
- You-
- I have to stay.
- You've worked a lot
these last couple weeks.
Look. this is probably
why you're so worked up
over a doorknob.
Let's get outta here.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'll go grab my stuff.
(warm electronic music)
- [Rosie] Who's there?
- Hi. Rosie.
- Celeste.
- Hi.
- Are you early?
- Yeah. I was just really exhausted.
so I decided to take a half day.
Um. Arlo. this is Rosie.
- Hi.
- Rosie. Arlo.
- Hi. nice to meet you.
- Arlo has a drill. He's
gonna take a look at the door.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
- Yeah. um. where's Sam?
- (chuckles) He's somewhere
playing that game.
(women sigh)
- Sam?
- Yeah. my little brother.
- You never told me you
had a little brother.
- Really? Oh. I thought I mentioned him.
I'm gonna go get changed while
you take a look at the door.
but if it's too hard. it's not a big deal.
Don't even worry about it.
- Yeah. no. it should be fine.
- Okay.
- Uh. you said your name is Alex?
- Arlo.
- Arlo!
Well. it's nice to meet you.
- Great to meet you.
There you go.
- How's it goin'?
(Arlo chuckles)
- I'll be down in a minute.
- Okay.
- [Rosie] Ask Arlo if
he wants some lemonade.
- Sure.
Would you like some lemonade?
- Oh. um...
Yeah. please.
- Okay.
(spoon clinks)
Look at this.
Bills. bills. bills.
How do normal people afford to be normal?
I need to sell a kidney or something.
- I wouldn't put it past you.
You can't keep ignoring the problem.
Sam can't live with you
anymore. It's not appropriate.
- It's just a job. Rosie.
- It's considered sex work.
CPS is really hesitant
about that kind of thing.
- [Celeste] They can't
take him away from me.
- Well. they can.
And god forbid they will.
- I'm doing my best to
give him a normal life.
- How can he have a normal life
when your primary income is
something so incredibly sinful?
- That's none of your business.
I'm gonna go check on Arlo.
- Uh. hey. I just finished. It's all good.
- Cool. thank you.
- Yeah.
- It means a lot.
- Sure.
- I'll go get Sam.
Be right back.
- Is something the matter?
- Does it seem like
something's the matter?
- No. I just. um...
So you have a little brother?
- You got off work early!
- Yeah. I did.
- So. you wanna play soccer with me?
- Sam. this is my friend Arlo.
- Hey. bud.
- Hi. nice to meet you.
- [Arlo] Nice to meet you.
What grade are you in?
- I'm going into sixth.
- Awesome. that'll be fun.
- Yeah. I'm excited but kinda scared.
(Arlo chuckles)
So. you wanna play soccer?
- Dude. I'm so bad at soccer.
- You sure?
Tim just got a new ball and
he let me keep the old one.
- Hey. what if I played?
- Really?
- (chuckles) Yeah.
- [Sam] Awesome! Okay.
I'll get the ball!
- (chuckles) Yeah.
- I'll get the lemonade!
(Celeste chuckles)
- That's your little brother?
- Mm-hm.
- No.
- I know what you're thinking.
There's no way we're related.
'cause our noses are so different.
that it's like. people are like "what?"
- Oh. yeah. That's definitely the reason.
- It's so obvious. right? Now
you're staring at my nose.
Don't touch me on the nose.
♪ You'll be okay ♪
♪ Your eyes are misty now ♪
♪ But there's light there to be found ♪
♪ Some sunlit day ♪
♪ Dear ♪
♪ You're full of ♪
♪ Fear ♪
♪ And I am a little too ♪
♪ But I'm also full of you ♪
♪ Long as you are ♪
♪ Here ♪
♪ Slow your looks ♪
♪ Close your eyes ♪
(water splashes)
♪ Realize ♪
♪ Dark things have parts ♪
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Uh. Celeste.
- Yeah.
- Why do you have this letter?
(Celeste sighs)
- CPS just doesn't think I'm
doing a good job with Sam.
- Why?
- Listen. there's just some things
that I don't really talk about
and it's nothing personal.
I just don't.
- Okay. so like a secret?
- [Celeste] Well. yeah.
everyone has secrets.
- Yeah. but not a lot
of people have secrets
with Child Protective Services involved.
- Okay. listen. Arlo. I'm
not gonna tell you jack shit.
So. stop asking.
- Well. what? Did you like
hit him once or twice?
- Arlo!
- What?
My mom hit me. It's not a big deal.
And people are so PC these
days. I can see maybe...
- Okay. well. I just think
we should talk about something else.
- I don't think so.
- Okay. let's see.
Have you noticed that it's
already gotten colder this year?
- Okay. really? This is
what you're gonna do?
I don't wanna talk about that.
- And Rosie's planning to-
- Celeste. why are you so
stressed out about this?
(Celeste sighs)
- Is this like a thing you do?
You just get people to tell
you their biggest secrets?
- No. it's not a thing
I do. I care about you.
Otherwise. I wouldn't ask.
I'm not gonna tell anyone. okay?
I promise.
(Celeste sighs)
- Okay.
Follow me.
Can you shut the door and lock it. please?
- Yeah.
(woman laughs)
(eerie tones)
- I'm a cam girl.
I'm Amber Star.
- Why?
- 'Cause when my parents died.
I had to drop out and take care of Sam.
and work at the grocery store.
and at a certain point that
just wasn't enough anymore.
so I had to start doing
this and it just...
It pays like way better and I can...
Are you gonna say something?
- Um. yeah.
You gotta stop.
- (scoffs) What?
- You don't know who's
watching you online. Celeste.
- They help me pay for Sam.
- So what? What about you?
- What about me?
- You're just gonna get online
and let these scumbags jerk off to you?
- I have to.
- You don't have to!
- Yes. I do!
- You're worth way more
than this. Celeste.
- Do you think that I like to do that?
Do you think that I do that
because that makes me feel good?
Is that what you think?
- That's not what I-
- I don't do that for me.
Arlo! I do that for him.
I do that for Sam.
(sighs)
- I guess I don't know who you are.
- Yeah. I guess you don't.
- Okay. um...
I gotta go. Yeah. I gotta
finish cleaning up the house.
We're having a party.
You can come?
If... If you want.
(door creaks)
Okay. I'll see you.
- Yeah.
- Bye.
Wait. Arlo.
I'll see you again. right?
- Yeah.
Why?
- Well. that just...
It felt like too much of a goodbye.
- Yeah. it did.
I'll see you.
(upbeat percussive music)
- Yo!
- I'm back!
- [Blake] How you doin'. dog? Come on in.
- Hey! What's up?
- Hey!
- Hey. good to see you.
Yo. Scott. how you doin'. dog?
Come on. get in. man. Let's go. let's go.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Can I come in. or?
- Nah. just stand there.
- Okay.
- [Arlo] Just come.
Blake!
- Oh. yo.
- This is Celeste.
- Oh. hey. how are you? I've
heard so much about you.
- Okay. nice to meet you.
- Yeah. pleasure.
- So you guys are roommates. right?
- Yeah. we've been goin'
back for like a year now. so.
- Nice.
- It's been great.
Real great. No. I'm just kidding.
- Quit playin'. dog.
- I'll get you that water.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
(chuckles)
So. what's your deal? What do you do?
- I work a lot. but it's
nice to be out tonight.
- Yeah. and welcome.
- Thank you.
- Thanks for comin'. yeah. Yeah.
Where do you work?
- At Home Farm Groceries.
- Where is that?
- Like. right down the street?
- Oh. okay. Yeah. cool.
- Yeah.
- For sure.
- It's nice. though.
'cause I get to take home
all the food they don't sell.
- Oh. choice. yeah.
Most definitely excellent.
- Yeah. yeah.
What do you do?
- Uh. I don't. (chuckles)
I don't like have a job at the moment.
Actually. I've never really
technically had a jobby-job.
- How do you pay for stuff. then?
- I mean. my parents just
kinda like phone me the cash.
You know? So. it works out.
- Oh. okay. Nice.
- No. I don't take it for
granted. you know? Like. bless.
- Yeah.
- Cool.
- He can be really annoying. I'm sorry.
Here's your water.
- Thank you.
- Let me introduce you to everyone else.
- Okay. See ya.
- Yeah. yeah. Most definitely.
- [Woman] Clearly not. What did you do?
- Well. he turns on the fuckin' lights
and then he gets on the
megaphone and says "don't run."
Fuck that. I'm out.
(laughs) I dropped mine!
I dropped mine too!
- He was probably like 200 feet behind me
and this guy was just
yelling at both of us.
We were just-
- We lost everything.
- That's a disaster.
- Lessons learned. though. dude. like-
- Oh. my god. What a fuckin' story.
- I blame Scary Gary. honestly.
- Okay. Gary?
(Celeste chuckles)
I don't wanna know where he is right now.
- Holy shit.
(knocks)
Hey. Blake. can you get that?
Where did he go?
- I got it. yeah.
- You got it? You sure?
- Yeah. yeah.
- That is a really...
- Hey.
- I relived that. that was-
- I loved it.
I loved every moment.
It really touched me.
- Guess who.
- (gasps) Hey.
- Hey.
- Oh. how are you?
- I'm good. how are you?
- Excellent.
Oh. nice.
Fit right in.
- I do.
- Hey. I told you about Celeste. right?
- No. I don't think you mentioned her.
- Hi.
- Hi. I'm Ally.
- Hey.
Babe. will you go get me a beer?
- Yeah. sure.
You want some of this?
- No. beer.
- Yeah. I don't want this
anymore. either. It's gross.
- Hi. What's up?
- So are you guys dating?
(Ally chuckles)
- Is that what he said?
I don't really know what you'd
call it. but. yeah. I guess.
- That's really. that's
really nice for you guys.
That's great.
- Yeah.
So. are you single. or?
- Yeah?
- Okay. cool.
I don't know. the way you
were like "it's great"
just seemed like you've been
single for a while. but-
- Okay?
- No. it's not a bad thing.
- [Arlo] Hey! Your beer.
- Thank you. She's awesome.
- Right?
- I cannot wait to meet all
the rest of your friends.
- Yeah.
Hey. you. um...
Did you meet my roommate?
- No. is he here?
- [Arlo] I think. Blake!
- All righty. everybody!
Gather round. far and wide.
Come on. popper squad. I
got a question for y'all.
- That's my roommate.
- Come on.
All righty. Who here
remembers their first kiss?
Don't be shy.
Since tonight is our throwback kickback.
I figured it was
appropriate to ask. right?
So. come on. Please.
No one? Really?
All right. fine. I'll start.
My first kiss (sighs)
was during a game of
seven minutes in heaven.
If you believe it.
That's right. boys and girls.
I was in middle school.
and a couple of us got
together after soccer practice
one day and put all the
boys' names in a hat.
and all the girls' names in
a box. mixed them all up.
We coupled off.
Those couples would go into
the closet for seven minutes.
as the game goes. as I'm sure you know.
And. um. yeah. so I was fortunate
enough to be drawn first.
as was Angela Maxwell.
(sighs) What a fox.
That was a big. big day for me.
I mean. I still think
about it. like a lot.
And. so. here we are at
our throwback kickback.
I figured it was appropriate
to have a little fun.
Let's play an innocent game
of seven minutes in heaven.
What's the worst that could happen?
So I've given myself the honor
of putting all of our names
in these two here bowls.
and I'm gonna go ahead and
draw two and we're just gonna
see where luck takes us tonight.
- What the fuck?
What the fuck are you doing?
- What's the matter. Arlo?
I haven't put your name or
Ally's name into these bowls.
I know that's a big whole thing. so.
So. without further ado.
I'm gonna go ahead and draw two names.
Drum roll. please.
Thank you.
For the gentleman of the evening.
Blake.
Myself.
And for the lucky lady.
Celeste.
Celeste. that's you. Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Celeste. would you do me the honor.
of joining me for seven minutes in heaven?
- Um. yeah.
- [Blake] Cool.
- Yeah.
- Shall we?
- [Blake] Cool.
All right! Someone time it!
- Hey. do you want another beer?
- Yeah. sure. I'll take another beer.
- [Ally] Mm. what's the matter?
(birds tweet)
(eerie tones)
(muffled chatter)
Arlo.
- Hm?
- Are you coming over tonight?
- Um...
Maybe?
- (chuckles) Maybe?
What do you mean. maybe?
- Maybe. I don't know.
- Come on. we made plans.
(knocks)
We haven't had like one night alone.
(chuckles)
So. how was it?
- I plead the fifth.
- But nothin' like...
You guys didn't do anything crazy. right?
- Uh. no. We fucked.
- Right.
(clicks tongue)
Nah. We didn't.
(snake hisses)
- Okay. well I'm probably gonna go.
- Yeah?
- Bye.
- Wait.
Hey. I can walk you to your car.
- Aw. you're so sweet.
- I can do it too. you know.
- No. it's cool. I've got it.
- I don't mind.
- Dude. it'll only take a second.
(door slams)
(car bleeps)
- Thanks for a great night.
- Yeah. you should come again.
- Yeah. I'll see you at the store.
- You will. I'll probably
need an asprin after tonight.
- Okay.
Well. bye.
- Bye.
(car door slams)
(car starts)
- Yo. is she good?
- Yeah.
She's good.
Where did everyone go?
- Bro. you took way too long. They dipped.
- What was that fucked up game
you just played with Celeste?
- Man. what're you talking about?
I just grabbed her name out of a bowl.
Nothing even happened.
- Yeah?
Then how far did you go?
- (chuckles) Oh. judging by
the way you're responding
right now. I don't think
I should fuckin' tell you.
- You weak motherfucker.
Why do you always need another girl
to be your fuckin' plaything. huh?
(Blake chuckles)
- Man. get off my ass.
It didn't mean anything.
- It didn't mean...
That's what I'm fuckin' pissed about!
- Um. why do you care so much anyways?
- Because!
I invite my friend over.
I didn't think my roommate
was gonna pull some shit like that!
- Bro. relax. all right?
She agreed to come with me and we had fun.
- Fun?
I didn't have fun. She didn't have fun!
- You don't fuckin' know that.
- Shut your fuckin' mouth.
- Why?
Because I'm gonna fucking
kill you in your sleep!
- Arlo. stop!
- Whatever. man. Fuck you.
- You motherfucker.
- Arlo.
- What?
- [Ally] Why do you care so much?
- I don't know.
- Arlo. please tell me
why you care so much.
- She was my friend.
- And somehow what Blake did
made that much of a difference to you?
- Get off my ass. okay?
- What?
- Look. I was your plaything.
Your one night stand.
And what. now that I'm not
wrapped around your finger.
now. now you're worried about me?
- That's not fair.
I'm worried because I like you. okay?
- Bullshit!
Celeste was there for me.
- Did she even want you?
- Yes!
Up until now.
You know. I'm such a fuckin' idiot.
This whole time. I was looking
for a girl and she was there.
- Arlo. I'm right here. You can have me.
- [Arlo] I don't want you.
- Then fuck you!
(cup clatters)
- I shouldn't... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Ally. okay?
- Yeah. me too.
Can I kiss you goodbye?
- Wouldn't that be weird?
- Yeah.
You're right.
Bye. Arlo.
- Tony & Tony's Perfect Yogurt
has only 100 calories per serving.
It's made by hard-working
Americans like you and me.
and 30% of the proceeds go to Hill Home-
- Hey.
What's up?
- Oh. you know. just
getting a couple of things.
- You boys and your pineapples.
I just don't get it.
- Hey. uh...
Remember how I told you about
this jungle party yesterday?
- Mm-hm.
- So. I gotta bring a date. right?
I was thinking maybe
you could come with me.
- Um. I'm pretty busy.
so I probably can't.
- It starts at like 11 PM.
I'm sure whatever you gotta do.
you could finish up by then. yeah?
- Is Arlo gonna be there?
- Maybe.
I don't know. Probably not. why?
- I just don't really
wanna see him anymore.
- Why?
- Stop asking why.
- Okay.
No. he won't be there. You got it.
So what do you think?
- What should I wear?
- It's a jungle theme.
So everyone's gonna be
like an animal. you know?
- Yeah.
Okay.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hm.
- All right. for sure. I'll see you then.
- Okay. bye.
Tony & Tony's Perfect Yogurt
is only 100 calories per serving.
(dark electronic music)
- What the fuck is this?
- What's what?
- This!
Your name on all these piece
of paper and Celeste's as well.
- I put 'em in like that. bro.
- You stacked the odds.
- Yeah. why not? I mean...
That's how I played my first
game of seven minutes in heaven
why not do it now?
- You're more of a fuckin'
pig than I thought you were.
- Why are you so concerned.
man? You got Ally.
Why are you so hung up
on Celeste for. huh?
- Because I don't want you
to take advantage of her.
- I'm not taking advantage of her!
- Then what the fuck is this?
- It's a loophole.
- You're fuckin' weak. man!
- Man. you don't know me as
well as you think you do.
- Keep telling yourself that.
- You know what's funny?
So. I was talking to Celeste.
I invited her to my jungle party
and she's gonna come with me.
Do you know what means
for you? You're uninvited.
And if I see you there.
I'm gonna kick your ass.
in front of all those people.
(big cat snarls)
- She can do better than you.
- Oh. yeah?
And what? Go with you instead?
Please. At least I know
how to treat a woman.
- Bullshit.
- Man. you should've heard Alice...
(big cat growls)
Oh!
Shit!
That's what I'm talkin' about. huh?
Fuck you.
- Fuck you!
(moody electronic music)
(leopard man sniffs)
(big cat snarls)
(big cat roars)
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
What the fuck was that?
What was that?
Hey! Hey. come here!
What the fuck was that?
- What are you doing here?
- I... Celeste. I'm sorry.
Okay? Hear me out.
I'm sorry for the way I reacted
when you told me about yourself.
- Yeah. 'cause. it's so fucked because
you said that you weren't
gonna freak out no matter what.
and then I told you and you freaked out.
- Yeah. but that was
before I knew what it was.
I didn't know that you
were gonna say that.
- Okay. but like. it's so
fucked because I told you
like my biggest thing ever. ever.
and now you hate me for it?
- Look. I-
- How do you think I'm supposed to-
- I don't hate you.
I would never hate you!
Okay and second. I thought
about it. I don't care.
- Okay.
- I don't care!
- Yeah. you. you...
Okay. I don't wanna do this right now.
so you should just go
find your girlfriend.
'cause I'm just not. I don't wanna-
- Find my girlfriend? No.
I don't have girlfriend.
Look. all you did was sacrifice
yourself for your family.
And I love you for that.
- I trusted you.
- I know.
Can you just...
Can you give me a second chance?
- Arlo? What the fuck are you doin' here?
- I'm not doin' anything.
- Oh. yeah?
Yeah?
- All right?
What am I gonna do? Come
here and steal your girl?
Take her to my castle?
Why don't you fuckin' pour me a shot?
- No. man. I've had enough
shots tonight already.
- You've done enough shots?
Did I hear that right?
Blake did enough shots.
- What? What. you think I
can't fuckin' handle my shit?
- That's what it sounds like.
- Man. fuck you! I'm trying
to get fuckin' plastered!
Let's fuckin' go!
- Well. let's fuckin' go then.
- Yeah. let's see it.
What you got?
- I got this whole fuckin' bottle.
- Yeah?
(Arlo slurps)
(Arlo coughs)
- Hey. you seem kinda tense.
- [Arlo] Yeah. well
that's fuckin' disgusting.
- Hey. where the fuck is Ally. huh?
I thought if you were gonna
come to this fuckin' thing.
you'd at least bring your fuckin' girl.
- Yeah. well it's not working out.
- Oh. really? I thought it was
fucking just going fantastic.
- Maybe according to
your fuckin' standards.
- Man. fuck you. man.
- Fuck you. You hear that?
- [Blake] What?
- I just said fuck you. but
do you really hear that?
- What're you fuckin' talkin' about?
- This is my favorite fucking song.
- What?
Man. fuck you!
That's not your fuckin'
favorite song. Get outta here!
Don't fuckin'... Don't touch me. man.
I don't fuckin' dance.
- I'm gonna get real fucking comfortable
on your dance floor.
You're a fuckin' little bitch.
- Man. fuck you. man.
- You wish you knew.
(crowd chants and cheers)
(upbeat dance music)
- Fuck you.
- Do you wanna dance?
- No.
(eerie electronic music)
(suspenseful music)
(big cat roars)
(big cat growls)
(big cat snarls and growls)
(big cat roars)
(big cat growls)
(Arlo chokes)
(big cat roars)
(big cat growls)
(thuds)
(Arlo grunts)
Stop! Stop!
Stop. stop.
(somber music)
(sobs)
Fuckin'. I'm tired of pretending
these fuckin' hits don't hurt. man.
(sobs) I just. I can't...
(sobs)
- You're all right.
(Blake sobs)
You're good. man. You're good.
- [Blake] I'm such a fuckin' asshole.
- Yeah. you're right.
(Blake sobs and laughs)
- [Blake] You fuckin' prick. (chuckles)
- You're good. man.
- Yeah.
- How do I look?
You busted me up pretty fuckin'...
- Oh. my god. bro.
- Is my nose all busted?
I can't really. like...
I can't really see too good.
- Yeah.
- How's my eye?
- Holy shit.
- Is it good?
- We went for it.
(footsteps approach)
(Celeste sighs)
- I didn't have sex with Blake.
- Then why did you say you did?
- To make you jealous.
(Arlo chuckles)
You are such a pain in the ass.
(footsteps recede)
(Arlo chuckles)
(cans clink)
(bag rustles)
- [Blake] Yo. what's up?
- Hey. are you cleanin' up right now?
- Yeah?
Is that a problem? (chuckles)
- [Arlo] No. not at all.
It's just that. um...
- Just what?
- Nothin'. Look. Celeste
is gonna come over tonight.
- Oh!
Is that. do you want me to like go?
- Yeah. that would be cool.
You know. I wanted to make her dinner.
and I want it to be just me and her.
- Yeah. all right.
Oh. uh. where do I go?
Like. where did you go.
like when I kicked you out?
- Yeah. I just go for
like a really long walk.
see what happens and it's kinda cool.
- All right. cool.
Just like let me know when
you're done or whatever.
- [Arlo] Okay.
Thanks. man.
- [Blake] Yeah.
- You gonna do laundry too. or?
- [Blake] (chuckles) That's tomorrow.
- Thanks. man.
(brooding piano music)
(big cat snarls)
(moody acoustic music)
♪ I live surrounded by explosions ♪
♪ And there is never quiet moments ♪
♪ But every name the newsman says. I ♪
♪ I never recognize and so ♪
♪ I know when will my ♪
♪ Family and friends ♪
♪ Be sent into ♪